# On Immeasurable Magnitudes

This is a paper I wrote some time ago, where I demonstrate, using the simplest operations, how to correctly generate prime numbers. The algorithms are extremely inefficient and only serve the purpose of showing a new way of thinking about prime numbers. I'd like to demonstrate that, contrary to current belief, the distribution of primes are not choatic beyond comprehensible rules or laws. I timestamped the paper using the Bitcoin blockchain to ensure originality of ideas. 

I should emphasize, before you automatically assume, that this method is **NOT** another sieve (and does **NOT** rely on one), at least in the sense of filtering out composites by exhaustive elimination relatively to potential factors (like [the Sieve of Eratosthenes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sieve_of_Eratosthenes)). In fact, it is quite the opposite. Anybody who has programmed the Sieve of Eratosthenes should notice the radically different approach; I do not rely on composites. If I had to compare, I would say that in essence it is a bit similar to the [chaos game](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sierpi%C5%84ski_triangle#Chaos_game) of the [Sierpiński triangle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sierpi%C5%84ski_triangle), where primes are analogous to the computed points that draws the (ever-denser) triangles in the pattern, while the composites are anologous to the (empty) triangular areas we never reach while playing the game to "infinity's end."

I have not found anything in the current state of research in number theory that aligns with my approach. If you think there is, please point me in the right direction. 

